# MonoDepth

This is a Pytorch implementation of the work from the paper ***_Unsupervised Monocular Depth Estimation with Left-Right Consistency_*** by Clément Godard, Oisin Mac Aodha, and Gabriel J. Brostow. The original paper and works can be found via the links: <a href='https://arxiv.org/abs/1609.03677'>Paper Link</a>, <a href='https://github.com/mrharicot/monodepth'>GitHub Link</a>.

The code contains the architectures mentioned in the paper (monodepth, resnet), and the training/evaluation. However, I modified some parts of the monodepth architecture to make the training smoother, and also make the visual performance better.

## Requirements
The code was written in Python 3.5, Pytorch 0.4.1, cuda 9.0<br>
The model is trained on KITTI dataset (29000 images, organized by paper authors) with 8 batch size, totally 25 hours with 50 epochs, on a single GTX-1080.

## Files Description
* ```main.py```: the main function where training or testing starts.
* ```depthmodel.py```: contains the training propogation process and the loss calculation.
* ```model_monodepth.py/model_resnet.py```: the model architecture
* ```dataloader.py```: data loader object extended from the built in function in Pytorch.
* ```config.py```: parameters setting
* ```evaluate.py```: this program will generate a csv file of numerical errors between the ground truth images and the predicted ones from the npy file, which is generated by main.py with evaluate mode.

## Dataset -  KITTI
The source images are compressed together to zip files with same dates and same labels, and these zip files are stored under the directorty ```kitti_zip_light```, which is also the parameter ```dataset_root``` in ```config.py```.

```
kitti_zip_light
|
|-2011_09_28_drive_0001_sync.zip
|   |
|   |- image_02/data
|   |    |
|   |    |-0000000105.jpg
|   |    |- ...
|   |
|   |- image_03/data
|        |
|        |-0000000105.jpg
|        |- ...
|     
|-2011_09_26_drive_0057_sync.zip
|   |
|   ...
...

```
